For the most part, I'm pretty satisfied with the way that my active duty
career went. I went to the ship that I wanted to go to some place
in San Diego, and I'm from California. It's where my family was. So
I'm glad I got that. I went upto Washington, and, you know, it wasn't
a choice of, uh, ships we were actually like I moved there because
of a ship swap. But, um, yeah, there's no choice with that. And then
and then I got out. Um, but two years before I actually got out of
the service at my six year point, you're supposed to actually do short
command, and I've never experienced a short command before. I had
only been on a ship at that time and, um, the recruiter actually
said, Hey, you know what? Like we have some opportunities for you, you
could become an instructor in New York or he actually gave me the
opportunity to go to ah submarine tender in Italy slash Guam. And I
didn't do either one of those. And he was kind of pushing forward the
benefits of both. You know, if I was an instructor, that would have,
you know, actually patted my resume a lot. It's actually in a field
education field. Um, that that I'm doing right now, which I really
wish was on my resume. Um, at this time, Um, and if it wasn't that,
then it would have been going toe Italy. Like I would have loved
him. Italy, I think. You know, I always wanted to go to Europe, and
I actually jumped over that opportunity to, you know, experience that
foreign country. Uh, because, uh, yeah, it wasn't the exact specific
place that I wanted to go to, so I wish I would have listened to
him at the time. And, you know, further my naval career.